It's been close to four weeks since I came to ISB to pursue my PGP degree. While ISB boasts of having the most diverse cohort out there in an MBA program, there are some things which I have noticed are common among most of the people over here (or at least most of those whom I have had a chance to interact with). This particular piece will talk about some of my observations about the cohort, how I think new-age consumer brands are seeping into the psyche of Gen Z, and musings about my time here in Mohali. 

I am the youngest person in my cohort, coming in at 21, while the average age is somewhere around 25-26. The gender ratio is 45:55 between females and males. People are from backgrounds as diverse as MBBS doctors, engineers, designers, authors, fashion models, and much more. Based on all this, I can say safely say that the sample size is pretty good, considering there are 400 different people from all across India from all different backgrounds and demographics. Still I've noticed that some brand more often on campus:

- Almost every quad (4BHK apartments where 4 people live together) has at least 1 protein powder placed on the kitchen counter. More often than not that protein powder belongs to a brand like The Whole Truth Foods or Only What's Needed or Super You.
  While it's picking up really fast, protein is not something which I would have expected every single person in the cohort to be taking, and that too of new brands which are somehow attaining their top of the mind space. The Whole Truth Foods has clearly emerged as a winner for the cohort.
- A sizeable amount of people here are preferring Mokobara over other brands. Again as a Mokobara user for the last two to three years, I understand where they're coming from. The bag is really comfortable, it looks stylish, and it stands out from the crowd, but seeing the brand become this meta was not something which I expected so quickly.
- In each class I can see almost every second or third person carrying a coffee tumbler with them, which really speaks about the coffee revolution in India. People have brought in their own Aeropress, French press, Moka pot and beans from home to brew fresh coffee every day. There are coffee vending machines in every student lounge, outside of every lecture theater and in most prominent places. I think we're not far off from coffee sharing equal or even more mind space than chai in the country, which might be a good thing as a coffee-lover. I would expect to have much more variety, much better coffee at much more decent pricing.

Apart from this I think the cohort shares a common drive and ambition to do something outlandish in their respective fields. While people are coming in with more than five to six students, I'm still seeing people figuring out what they would do post their MBA, what they want to pursue, what kind of elective subjects they want to choose, which is a proof of the struggle it takes to find one's own calling. Don't get me wrong, I am in the same boat but it feels good to acknowledge the fact that finding your calling is not a one-off task that can be done in a fortnight or during your undergrad or during the first job. It takes time, it takes dedicated efforts and that is something I think ISB can really help me with: to experiment with new things, to try out everything, to fail, to risk in a simulated, controlled environment so that I can learn from it and discover myself more and follow the path which leads me to after my MBA.

A bit on the personal side, I ended up dislocating my left elbow on the very second day of the course so I've been wearing a cast for the last 21 days, hoping I'll get this off this week, which has made things a bit difficult. It also allowed me to be more observant of the entire college and little things, as it will have:
    - the accessibility of things
    - the availability of ramps in each single location
    - the friendliness of the staff
    - again the doors having the handle not too much height
    - every public place having the name written out there not just in English but also in Braille and similar accessibility hacks which the college has integrated into its infrastructureIt feels good to be in such an environment where people are so reciprocative and empathetic to help someone out who they've known for a couple of days at the maximum.
- Apart from that I think the cohort overall is really good. I've seen people who are intelligent, who are smart, who are street smart, who excel in their particular field and are still aware to learn more, to network more, to break the ceilings at their job.

As me wishing a great year ahead, hoping that my hand heals past or and have a good afternoon. Bye.